Dining/Campus Food

How would you guys rate the food at Uc Davis? I’m a bit of a picky eater but I was wondering about the variety and overall quality of the food. What’s some of your favorite meals?

I’d say in terms of variety, quality, and quantity, the food at Davis is pretty up there.

For any incoming new students:

Davis has three main dining commons, the Latitude Restaurant, and Silo restaurants + food trucks.

The freshman meal plan provides essentially unlimited access to the Dining commons and Latitude, which will be the main subject here.

The negatives are:

Only one dining common is open on weekends, and quality and variety is pretty limited.

Breakfast variety tends to be limited.

Lines can be very long at peak hours; I recommend showing up to commons at times such as 11:30, 5:40, 7:40, etc ( anytime  that is 15 minutes before each hourly interval)

delicious food items can and do run out

Positives are:

overall consistent variety and quality during the week. Davis has all the standard college food( pasta, burgers, pizza, rice + meat + veggies), but usually also has other options that rotate, such as bulgogi, mozzarella chicken parm, nachos, etc.

Latitude will also have nice staples that add  a lot more variety in terms of flavor and spices.

fresh omelettes for breakfast ( it’s worth getting up at 6 for them in my opinion)

there are days where quality really steps up, usually because of a holiday, themed event, visitors, sponsors. Sometimes, it’s for no reason at all. Regardless, there can be ramen, rack of lamb, octopus, steak, etc.

Overall great food, especially given the bar set for college food. I recommend just checking the menus online so you can plan out meals and times accordingly.

do they have plain rice every day?

The dining commons usually have a pot of white rice, and if not, you can probably ask at stations with rice-based dishes for a plate of just rice.

Cuarto and Segundo DC have rice everyday in a pot, Tercero sadly doesn’t have one of these and you only get rice if a meal comes with it.

There's also the eateries and market at the Memorial Union.

Are there stations to make sandwiches for on-the-go?

There is a sandwich bar with panini presses and adequate ingredients; I’m not sure if you will be able to bring it outside with you, but the staff are pretty open-minded.

are the fresh omelette’s only severed at 6?

They’re available until 11, but the line past 8:00 is usually 15-20 minutes

Getting up at 6 is pretty nice anyways

As of recently before we left for summer break, I’d say I felt like all of the dc’s including even latitude to a degree sort of fell off for me in terms of quality and variety.

I’m a second year though so I only have the data of a year’s worth of eating it, however I get the feeling that they just make sure fall quarter’s food is really good and high quality in the beginning, and it’s just a gradual decline from that point onward to not make the discrepancy feel too jarring.

To answer your question, it’s definitely on the better side of school food as I’ve heard much more atrocious stories from other UC campuses, especially Berkeley.

My personal favorites that boost my mood whenever I see them on the menu would be 10K Chicken which is just kinda a simple sweet chicken dish which they execute perfectly, and Tiramisu (oh my god 😛) but that’s a personal bias.

I really want a cowboy burger rn

While I've only started going recently during summer session, I will say the omelets are to die for. Everything else is meh to good.

I’m a bit of a picky eater and I never really had a problem other than just getting tired of stuff after awhile, but there’s a salad/sandwich bar that’s always a good back up option.

My favorites weren’t there all that often. The Swedish meatballs at Latitude were great, Segundo added a smoked salmon croissant sandwich last quarter, and they added this corned beef and this fancy hotdog thing in the past year too. My favorite regulars were the salmon and polenta, biscuit and gravy, and broccoli cheddar soup.

I don’t know if y’all still refer to it as Mongolian BBQ, seeing as it was nothing of the sort, but the build-your-own-noodle-bowl station is the tits.

In my opinion, it's satisfactory. It's not garbage, but not quite restaurant quality food. There is a rather large variety of food. You have the three dining halls (Tercero, Segundo, and Cuarto which basically serve the same thing), and Latitude. Me personally, I liked the Mongolian BBQ, but oftentimes the wait was way too long for it to be worth it.

Variety is good, quality is hit or miss. Some things they do well (personally I like their burger and pizza) and others it tastes bland asf.

DCs are decent and all, but I seriously hated it on multiple strike days the employees take over the year. On these days, food is really and limited and quality is like 2 to 3 out of 10

As of other days, the quality and variety is excellent except weekends ( I recommend u getting 5 day / 9 swipes a week meal plan)

I loved the dc when they were serving garlic noodles, chicken quesadillas w chipotle ranch, tri tip, asian short ribs, ramen soup, byo burrito bar, mongolian bbq, pot roast, the list goes on!!