Silo Market
Elevate Your Sandwich Game
At Silo Market and Deli, we offer the freshest, highest-quality ingredients. We aim to provide something delicious for everyone with many quick and tasty options. The Market provides ready-to-eat, grab-and-go items, a variety of snacks and bottled and canned beverages.

At the Deli Counter, we pride ourselves on our sandwiches. They are made-to-order with premium meat, freshly baked bread and in-house signature spreads. We even have vegetarian and vegan options along with combo meals. We also have fresh sushi, boba, ice cream, parfaits, fountain beverages and fresh fruit. Our service is always fast and efficient, and we accept EBT and Aggie Cash for your convenience. We look forward to seeing you soon!

Cal Fresh
CalFresh is accepted here.
Visit the CalFresh webpage to learn more about CalFresh (SNAP/EBT), including eligibility, items that may be purchased, and participating campus locations. We gladly accept EBT at Silo Market; however, IFC Sushi and Boba is operated by a third party and is not eligible for EBT payment.

CalFresh benefits cannot be used to purchase hot food or Peet's Coffee.

If you need assistance, please visit Aggie Compass Basic Needs Center.

Hours
Market
Monday–Friday: 8:30 AM–5:30 PM
Saturday–Sunday: Closed

Deli, Sushi and Boba
Monday–Friday: 10 AM–5:30 PM
Saturday–Sunday: Closed
Contact Us
Email Truc Dong
Location
Silo Market is located at the Silo, on the first floor of the eastern half of the South Silo building.


LEED® Certified
Silo Market is a LEED Silver for Commercial Interiors v3.

Highlights include:

Reduced potable water consumption by 21.7% compared to the LEED baseline (UPC/IPC code)
Reduced lighting power by 29.8% compared to the ASHRAE 90.1-2007 baseline
83.2% of equipment and appliances are ENERGY STAR rated, validating their energy efficiency
100% of energy consumption has been offset through the purchase of renewable energy credits for 2 years
98.9% of construction waste was diverted from the landfill
81.5% of the new wood used in construction have been certified by the Forest Stewardship Council as sustainably sourced (i.e. trees were harvested using sustainable practices such as erosion control, habitat protection, planting new saplings, and no clear cutting)
Indoor air quality meets and exceeds ASHRAE 62.1-2007 standards by 30%
Paints, coatings, adhesives, sealants, flooring, composite wood, and furniture all meet low-emission standards
The building was designed to meet ASHRAE 55-2004 standards for thermal comfort
The campus green cleaning standards and education strategies (case study and guided tours) helped the project achieve two points for innovation
We're Hungry for Feedback
Your feedback matters, and we encourage you to share your valued thoughts with us. Whether you have suggestions, praise, or specific requests, we're all ears! Email us at diningfeedback@ucdavis.edu to make your voice heard and help shape the dining choices we offer.

