Residential Meal Plans
Residential Meal Plans provide access to healthy, well-balanced meals at our dining commons and Latitude throughout the academic year. Unlimited seconds are included at all meals. Residential Meal Plans are automatically included in residence hall contracts and are available to residents at The Green and Orchard Park as an optional purchase.

Available Plans
Meal Plans for the Residence Halls, The Green and Orchard Park
The following Residential Meal Plans are available to all students living in the residence halls, The Green at West Village and Orchard Park. They are not available to students living in other locations. For other students, please consider Aggie Swipe Plus Meal Plans.

5-Day Plan
Enjoy unlimited access* to all three dining commons and Latitude, five days a week*.

Choose between:

Monday through Friday access
Sunday through Thursday access (some locations are closed on weekends*)
The 5-Day Plan also includes $200 in Aggie Cash per quarter to be spent at a variety of campus dining and coffee locations.

7-Day Plan
Enjoy unlimited access* to all three dining commons and Latitude, Monday through Friday, and Segundo dining commons on the weekends.

The 7-Day Plan also includes $200 in Aggie Cash per quarter to be spent at a variety of campus dining and coffee locations.

*Please note that unlimited access is provided during hours of operation. At least one location is open every day of the week during the academic year, though each location may be open different hours and/or days of the week, and some locations are closed on weekends. Winter Break and Spring Break are not included in the residential meal plans. Please check location webpages for specific hours of operation and for scheduled closures.

Additional Meal Plans for The Green and Orchard Park Only
The following Residential Meal Plans are available to all students living in The Green at West Village and Orchard Park. They are not available to students living in the residence halls or other locations. For other students, please consider Aggie Swipe Plus Meal Plans.

5-Day PLUS Plan
Enjoy unlimited access* to all three dining commons and Latitude, Monday through Friday.

5-Day PLUS Plan also includes 5 "Retail Swipes" per week to be used at a variety of campus dining and coffee locations**.

Note: The 5-Day PLUS Plan does not include Aggie Cash; instead, Aggie Cash may be purchased separately.

5-Day PLUS Plan is available exclusively with an apartment contract. A week is Monday through Sunday; Retail Swipes do not roll over from week to week and expire every Sunday night. Retail Swipes may be used to purchase up to $12 in goods per swipe at most Dining Services retail locations**; guests will need to pay the difference for purchases over $12; no credit or change returned for purchases under $12.

9-Meals-A-Week Plan
Enjoy up to nine (9) meals each week, on any day and at any meal period when locations are open*, in any of the three dining commons and Latitude. Meal swipes may also be used at a variety of campus dining and coffee locations**.

The 9-Meals-A-Week Plan also includes $200 in Aggie Cash per quarter to be spent at a variety of campus dining and coffee locations.

The 9-Meals-A-Week Plan is available exclusively with an apartment contract. A week is Monday through Sunday; meals do not roll over from week to week and expire every Sunday night. Meal swipes may be used to purchase up to $12 in goods per swipe at most Dining Services retail locations**; guests will need to pay the difference for purchases over $12; no credit or change returned for purchases under $12.

*Please note that unlimited access is provided during hours of operation. At least one location is open every day of the week during the academic year, though each location may be open different hours and/or days of the week, and some locations are closed on weekends. Winter Break and Spring Break are not included in the residential meal plans. Please check location webpages for specific hours of operation and for scheduled closures.

**Retail swipes and meal swipes may be used at all Dining Services Retail Restaurants (Spokes, The Gunrock, Sage Street, Scrubs Cafe), markets (Segundo Market, Tercero Market, Cuarto Market, and Silo Market except IFC) and coffee shops. Retail swipes and meal swipes are not valid at the COHO (both locations), food trucks, UC Davis Stores (including at the ARC), YoloBerry Yogurt, and IFC at Silo Market.

Rates
Information about payments, including deadlines and how to make payments, are available on the following webpages:
Residence Halls Fees
The Green at West Village Fees
Orchard Park Fees
Primero Grove Fees
Purchasing Residential Meal Plans
A Residential Meal Plan is included in every residence hall contract.

Residential Meal Plans are optional and may be added to The Green contracts and Orchard Park contracts.

Orchard Park lease holders can purchase Aggie Swipe Plus Meal Plans and Aggie Cash.

Deadlines for Purchasing Plans
Meal Plan deadlines are available in the Residence Halls Contract, The Green Contract and Orchard Park Contract on the Residential Calendar.

Residents at The Green who did not add a meal plan to their The Green Contract may add a meal plan to their The Green Contract during the "meal plan change periods" each quarter. See "Changing Meal Plans" below for more information.

Changing Meal Plans
Residents of the residence halls, The Green and Orchard Park may change their meal plans at scheduled "meal plan change periods" during the academic year. See Changing Meal Plans for more information and instructions.

Bringing Guests
Residents may bring guests. Aggie Cash may be used to pay for guest access. Guests can also pay with credit cards at entry.

Residents MUST remain with their guests when eating in the dining commons.

