Let’s Talk Eating On-Campus
What Parents Need to Know About UC Davis' Food
by Student Housing and Dining Services October 07, 2025
Want to know where your students can get some delicious food or coffee on campus? Check out our guide to on-campus restaurants, markets and coffee shops. 

Explore the map of our dining locations.

Dining Commons 101
The dining commons start with a diverse and delicious menu with the freshest ingredients from local farms and finish it off with a sense of community and an environment perfect for socialization and studying. Our 3 dining commons—Segundo, Tercero and Cuarto—have the mission to provide a dining experience that is the least stressful and most enjoyable part of your students’ day. 

Our team is dedicated to creating new menu items, hearing feedback and incorporating it. We have an allergy-friendly platform and options for those with dietary and religious restrictions so you know that your student is taken care of when you dine with us. Plus, your student can use their meal plan at any of the three locations.

Explore the Menus

Segundo, Tercero and Cuarto Markets
We’ve got your student covered at our 3 residential markets—Segundo, Tercero and Cuarto. Our markets have a variety of snacks, beverages, grab-and-go meal options and even testing supplies. We are also dedicated to listening closely to feedback and continuously evaluating our offerings to keep in stock what is most wanted. 

Each market focuses on specific treats. Segundo Market features baked goods and ice cream. Tercero specializes in smoothies, and Cuarto stocks best-selling snacks to go. With quarterly raffles, upbeat music and even seasonal decorations, the markets provide a stress-free place for them to quickly get what they need. Your student can also use Aggie Cash here to get 10% off their purchase every time.

Discover the Markets

Latitude Restaurant
At Latitude Restaurant, we bring the world to your student. Your student can explore our destination dining experience with an array of global cuisines that are inspired. We share our love of all cultures through food with local ingredients and a unique menu crafted with passion and care. 

When your student dines with us, they can be educated on new flavors while being reminded of ones that taste of home. We have customizable options to easily accommodate allergies or dietary preferences. Aggie Cash and Meal Plans are welcome—and encouraged—along with credit cards. Now offering breakfast!

Explore the Menu

Latitude Market
Aloha, food lovers! Welcome to a taste bud explosion. At Latitude Market, we aren’t your average store. Yes, we have drinks, snacks and goodies with a focus on global brands, but that’s just the beginning. Come on in and try our build-your-own poke bar. Savor our Hawaiian BBQ, or, take it to-go.

Your students can be refreshed with our gelato bar, shaved ice and smoothies. Top it all off with some pastries and grab-and-go sushi. We pride ourselves on ingredients that are high-quality, local and full of flavor. 

Discover the Market

The Gunrock
All Aggies are welcome at our lively, sports-themed restaurant. We’re conveniently located within the bustling Silo area, where we are building a community through the love of sports and good food. Here at The Gunrock, your students can play games, chill and attend events, all while enjoying fresh, made-to-order food and specialty beverages. Even though we serve Sudwerk’s alcoholic beverages for those 21 and over, people of any age can dine with us.

We have 7 TVs that broadcast for watch parties. Your student can get their game on with darts, foosball, cornhole, giant jenga and board and card games. We even have an Aggie Hour! Your student can swing by from 3 pm to 6 pm for 20% off the Bites Menu and $2 off pints (21+). Grab some of our signature mac and cheese, burgers, tacos or fries, sit back and enjoy the game.

Explore the Menu

Reserve a Table

Spokes
We are your students’ go-to quick-service restaurant on campus, located within the bustling Silo area. Our menu is made with your student in mind and filled with delicious and affordable options that give your student the ultimate comfort while studying. Complement a burger with french fries and a milkshake, try one of our LTOs (Limited Time Offers) before they're gone or savor our combos by mixing and matching the menu for a meal full of value. 

Our ingredients are always high-quality, and our menu is thoroughly inspired by the bicycles that are so beloved on this campus. So when your student is craving some loaded fries or crispy chicken tenders, have them ride on over to us.

Explore the Menu

Silo Market
At Silo Market and Deli, we offer the freshest, highest-quality ingredients. We aim to provide something delicious for everyone with many quick and tasty options. The Market provides ready-to-eat, grab-and-go items, a variety of snacks and bottled and canned beverages. 

At the Deli, we pride ourselves on our sandwiches. They are made-to-order with premium meat, freshly baked bread and in-house signature spreads. Your student needs to try the Silo Sauce! We even have vegetarian and vegan options along with combo meals. We also have fresh sushi, boba, ice cream, parfaits, fountain beverages and fresh fruit.

Discover the Market

Scrubs Cafe and Market
The possibilities are endless at Scrubs! We are a vibrant cafe, market and coffee shop all in one location within the Vet Med area. Your student can stop by after they walk through the Arboretum for some food or coffee. They can hang out in our spacious dining room, outdoor seating area or booths with outlets that are ideal for studying. 

Our menu is unique and flavorful, with fresh, local food and global cuisine influences. Our salad bar and hot bar, with daily rotating specials, are weigh and pay so your student can customize their portion sizes. We also have a grill menu, poke bar, pizza, sandwiches, beverages, grab-and-go items and Peet’s specialty coffee and tea. Check out the menu to see what we’re offering today.

Explore the Menu

Sage Street Market | Cafe
We are The Green’s neighborhood destination for your meal and grocery needs with a market, restaurant and coffee shop all in one location! With a large, open indoor and outdoor seating area and a laid-back atmosphere, we are the ideal spot for studying and hanging out while enjoying a meal or drink. The market provides well-stocked grocery and convenience items that consistently incorporate customer feedback to have what you need in stock. The restaurant, Bangin Bowls, offers a late-night dinner option that is Latin-inspired, and the coffee shop offers premium Peet’s coffee, tea and pastries. 

We also work to provide options with you in mind by accepting CalFresh and offering a 9-meals-a-week plan that can be used at the market, restaurant, coffee shop and select on-campus dining locations.

Dive into Sage Street

Peet’s Coffee
We know your student needs proper fuel to make it through your classes, so we proudly partner with Peet’s Coffee to provide delicious, high-quality beverages at six campus locations—the ARC, the Silo, California Coffee, King Hall, Sage Street and Scrubs Cafe. The Silo and ARC locations are open late and are perfect for night classes. Whether your student is stopping by between classes or staying awhile to study or chill with friends, we’ve got the carefully crafted coffee, tea and tasty pastries that they need. 