The Gunrock
featuring Sudwerk Brewing Co.
Sign Up Today for The Davis Dish Newsletter!

Aggie Hour
20% off Bites

3–6 PM every weekday!

Regular Hours
Open 5 days a week

Monday–Friday: 11 AM–6 PM
Saturday–Sunday: Closed
Contact Us
530-752-0120
thegunrock@ucdavis.edu
Come to Play. Stay to Eat.
All Aggies are welcome at our lively, sports-themed restaurant and bar. We’re conveniently located within the bustling Silo area, where we are building a community through the love of sports and good food. Here at The Gunrock, you can play games, chill with friends and attend events, all while enjoying fresh, made-to-order food and specialty beverages from the most popular local brewery in town, Sudwerk Brewing Co. Even though we serve from Sudwerk, people of any age can dine with us.

Want to watch your favorite sports game? We have 7 TVs that broadcast for watch parties. Get your game on with darts, foosball, cornhole, giant jenga and board and card games. Enjoy open mic nights, art shows and trivia nights. We even have an Aggie Hour! Swing by from 3 pm to 6 pm for 20% off the Bites Menu and $2 off pints. Hosting a meeting or gathering? Reserve a space for meetings and social events. Ready to stop by? Grab some of our signature mac and cheese, burgers, tacos or fries, sit back and enjoy the game.

The Gunrock is Award-Winning!
Our sports-themed restaurant won silver at the 2025 NACUFS (National Association of College & University Food Services) Awards. The judges evaluated the menu, facility design and merchandising, marketing, nutrition and wellness, sustainability and more.

Co-host Social Events with Us at The Gunrock!
Interested in co-hosting social events with us? We’re looking for student organizations and clubs to co-host fun, engaging and lively events at The Gunrock. Some examples of events we offer are trivia nights, open mic nights, bingo, game nights, video game tournaments, art shows and more! We would love to collaborate with your group and experience the energy you bring to our restaurant. 

Sign Up to Co-Host

Reservations
The Gunrock is now offering reservations in the dining room to host your next meeting or gathering. Sign up Online.

Host Your Next Event or Meeting With Us
The Gunrock is able to accommodate large events and meetings of 15 people or more! Reserve your space and enjoy the great food, drinks and entertainment The Gunrock has to offer!

Food and Drinks • Sports on 7 Screens • Cornhole • Foosball • Darts • Board Games • and more!

All Aggies are welcome. Must be 21 to purchase alcohol.

To reserve your space, email us at thegunrock@ucdavis.edu.

The Gunrock Menu
The Gunrock
featuring

Sudwerk Brewing Co.
Beer and Wine

Specials – Available for a Limited Time
Firecracker Lettuce Wraps $14
Spicy braised pork, pickled daikon and carrot, pineapple, cilantro, habanero pesto, mayo, lettuce

Burrata and Berries $10
Strawberries, Balsamic onions, Arugula, Basil, Burrata, Balsamic vinaigrette

Bites
Tailgate Nachos $10
Tortilla chips, queso, guacamole, salsa, jalapeños, sour cream

Ace-A-Dilla $8
Tortilla, cheese, salsa, sour cream, guacamole

Blitz Fries $9
Bacon, queso, sour cream, green onion

7th Inning Garlic Fries $7
Garlic, parmesan, parsley

Foosballs $7
Crispy jalapeños filled with cream cheese, avocado ranch

Grand Slam Chips and Guacamole $6
Tortilla chips, guacamole

Grub and Tacos
Gunrock's Smash Burger $14
Two 4oz patties, cheese, smash sauce, shredded lettuce, tomato, onion, pickle, brioche bun

Add Patty $4 • Add Bacon $2

5k Fungi Sandwich $12
Portobello mushroom, herb mayo, roasted red peppers, crispy shallots, mixed greens, soft roll

Hat Trick Chicken Sandwich $10
Achiote chicken, pepper jack, chipotle aioli, roasted red peppers, lettuce, tomato, onion, brioche bun

Add Bacon $2

Pre-Game Potato Tacos $9
Three crispy potato tacos, cheese, lettuce, crema, salsa

QB Quesabirria Tacos $9
Two quesabirria tacos, consommé, cilantro, onions, lime

People's Pilsner Fish Tacos $12
Two beer battered local cod tacos, crema, slaw, habanero pickled onions, lime

Gridiron Steak Sandwich $16
Grilled bistro filet, provolone, roasted garlic aioli, chimichurri, focaccia

Extra Points

Add chips and salsa $2 • Add fries $3 • Add garlic fries $4 • Add side salad $4 • Add mac and cheese $4

Salads
Power Play $9
Romaine, baby kale, parmesan, pumpkin seeds, croutons, Caesar dressing

Cactus League $9
Romaine, cheese, black bean and corn salsa, pico de gallo, crispy shallots, avocado ranch

Extra Points

Add steak $6 • Add grilled chicken $3 • Add birria $5 • Add guacamole $2 • Add mac and cheese $4

Playmaker Mac and Cheese
Home Plate $6
Creamy and delicious with bread crumb

Designated Hitter $9
Grilled chicken, bacon, ranch, mac and cheese, bread crumb

Batter's Box $8
Garlic broccoli, mac and cheese, bread crumb

Desserts
Home Stretch Bread Pudding $7
Vanilla ice cream, caramel drizzle, cinnamon crumbles

Slap Shot Ice Cream Sandwich $6
Two chocolate chip cookies, vanilla ice cream

Home Court Chocolate Chip Cookie $3
Fresh baked

Ice Cream $3
Two scoops vanilla ice cream

Beer and Wine Menu
Our beer and wine selection changes often. Please ask for our current beer on tap and wine selection when you visit.