Aggie Cash
Aggie Cash is a declining balance (debit) account students, faculty and staff use to purchase food at UC Davis Dining Services locations.

Aggie Cash and Residential Meal Plans
Aggie Cash is included with most Residential Meal Plans.

Buy Aggie Cash
Aggie Cash is available to everyone: all students, faculty, staff and the general community may purchase Aggie Cash.


How Aggie Cash Works
Aggie Cash account holders make purchases at on-campus retail food locations using their AggieCard just as one would using a bank debit card. Balance transactions are deducted from the Aggie Cash account, until the account is exhausted.

Aggie Cash:

Transforms the AggieCard (UC Davis ID card) into a debit card with a finite amount of available funds
Convenient - one card "does it all"
Safer than bank cards and credit cards
Is accepted at many on-campus dining locations
Decreases the need to carry cash
Purchases made by students are tax-exempt
Purchases receive a 10% discount at most locations
Balances roll over quarter-to-quarter and year-to-year†
Automatically included with most apartment and all resience hall meal plans
Aggie Cash may be added to an AggieCard throughout the year, regardles of meal plan status
Aggie Cash cards are deactivated after 12 consecutive months of non-use
† Aggie Cash balance rolls from quarter to quarter. Aggie Cash will be deactivated if the account is inactive for more than a 12-month period.

Where Aggie Cash Can Be Used
See the list below to see where Aggie Cash can be used.

Locations	Where to Find Them
California Coffee*	Next to California Hall
Concessions*	Aggie Stadium
Cuarto Dining Commons*	 
Cuarto Market*	Next to the Cuarto Dining Commons
The Gunrock*	Next to The Silo
King Hall Coffee*	Next to King Hall
Latitude Restaurant*	Next to Tercero Residence Halls
Latitude Market*	Next to Tercero Residence Halls
Peet's Coffee at the ARC*	Inside the ARC
Peet's Coffee at the Silo*	Inside The Silo
Sage Street Market | Cafe*	Corner of Sage Street and Jade Street, In West Village
Scrubs Cafe*	In the Health Sciences District
Segundo Dining Commons*	 
Segundo Market*	Next to the Segundo Services Center
Silo Market*	Next to The Silo
Spokes Cafe*	Inside The Silo
Tercero Dining Commons*	 
Tercero Market*	Next to the Tercero Services Center and DC
ASUCD Coffee House	Inside the Memorial Union
Campus Food Trucks+	At various food truck corrales on campus
* Receive a 10% discount when using Aggie Cash at these locations.

+ Receive a 10% discount at participating food trucks when using Aggie Cash.