Vegan and Vegetarian Dining Options
At UC Davis Dining Services, we are committed to meeting the diverse dietary needs and preferences of our student community. To achieve this, we offer a variety of dining options, including vegan and vegetarian choices, to accommodate different lifestyles and ethical beliefs. Our menu signage is designed to help students and dining patrons easily navigate our vegan and vegetarian options and find foods that suit their needs.

Understanding Vegan and Vegetarian Diets
Vegans and vegetarians rely on plant-based foods, such as fruits, vegetables, legumes, whole grains, nuts, seeds, and plant-based protein alternatives for adequate nutrition. Plant-based diets in general offer health benefits and may be chosen for ethical, environmental, or health reasons.

Vegan diets are entirely plant-based and exclude all animal-derived products, including meat, poultry, fish, seafood, dairy products, eggs, honey, and gelatin.

Vegetarian diets in general exclude meat, poultry, fish, and seafood, and mainly consist of plant-based foods as well as some animal-derived products, depending on the type of vegetarianism followed. Common types of vegetarianism include:

Lacto-ovo vegetarianism: Excludes meat, poultry, fish, and seafood but includes dairy products and eggs.
Lacto-vegetarianism: Excludes meat, poultry, fish, seafood, and eggs but includes dairy products.
Ovo-vegetarianism: Excludes meat, poultry, fish, seafood, and dairy products but includes eggs.
Pescetarianism: While not strictly vegetarian, pescatarians avoid meat and poultry but include fish and seafood alongside plant-based foods.
Learn more about plant-based diets:

Plant-based and vegetarian diets: an overview and definition of these dietary patterns (European Journal of Nutrition)
Becoming a vegetarian (Harvard Health)
How does Plant-Forward (Plant-Based) Eating Benefit your Health? (American Heart Association)
Identifying Vegan and Vegetarian Options at Dining Services
Vegan icon
Vegan

Vegetarian icon
Vegetarian

Our culinary team creates delicious and satisfying vegan and vegetarian recipes to cater to different tastes and nutritional requirements. We use the red "V" icon to help our patrons identify vegetarian dishes that do not contain meat, poultry, fish, or seafood. Our blue "VG" icon is assigned to vegan dishes that do not contain meat, poultry, fish, seafood, dairy products, eggs, honey, or gelatin. These icons are visible on all our digital and online menus, as well as point-of-service signage.

Become a part of our plant-forward vision! Do you have feedback on our vegan and vegetarian dining options? Reach out to diningfeedback@ucdavis.edu to let us know! Vegan and vegetarian student residents are also encouraged to join our Plant-Based Focus Group. More information to come soon!